I would like to start a new project to develop a new macos screensaver, that mimics the matrix rain screensavers.  this should have the option of the default japanese charactors, or option to change to other language charactors including hindi, tamil, sinhala, korean and malaysian jawi script.  there should also be options to change the color set.  the default will be the standard green from the matrix, but 10 other colors what include dark blue, purple, orange would also be options to set.  the rate of the rain should also be optionally set using the default as a medium setting with two faster and two slower optional settings.  This code should be developed in rust and use only core packages to do development.  if anything addtional is required, i would like to confirm the choice of the package and its use before it is done.  

a README.md should also be developed and written in professional manner to invite new developers and collaborators to help with development.  there should also be a documents directory that contains  product-summary.md,  product-details.md and technical-details.md; all of these files should be kept update with all significant architectural changes to the application.  also create an AGENTS.md file which is supports the professional development practices including use of TDD as a practice for all changes, and the updates to the documentation files and README.md that I have discribed. if you create a CLAUDE.md file when you initialize this directory, it can be renamed AGENTS.md as it will be the only rules file we keep in the repo, you can add this as an item within the rules file to ensure.
